# Blackjack

In this program, I created a version of blackjack that can be played in the terminal of the program. I wanted to make this program unique so I created ascii playing cards to make the program more visually appealing. This program implements many functions. The first one is a function that gets the int value of the arguement 'card'. If the card was a Jack, Queen, or King the function would return the value 10. If it was an Ace it would return an 11. If it was anything else it would return the int value of that card. The next function handValue returns the total value of the argument 'hand'. The variable value finds the sum by iterating through the cards in the hand and using the cardValue function to convert the cards into int values. The next function is a draw card function that contains 2 lists (suits and ranks) and an empty list called deck. In this function I implemented a nested for loop that firsts creates a variable suit that iterates through the suits list and under that for loop is another for loop that contains a variable rank that iterates through the ranks list. This nested for loop allows me to create a deck of 52 cards. It stores it in the deck list and uses the random.choice function from the random library and chooses a random card in the deck. The next function allows me to print out an ascii version of the playing card. The compareScores function returns a string based on if the player or dealer wins the game. Finally, the last function is the main function that runs the game. It deals 2 cards to the player and one card to the dealer by appending a card from dealCard() function to their respective lists. Then the function asks the user if they want to hit or stand. if the user hits, then they append another card to their list. if they enter stand, the game shows the final results on who won. Finally the function asks if the user wants to play again. If the user enters no, the program ends by sys.exit. If the user enters yes then then the main function will run again.
